This is a legal agreement between you –either as individual or acting on behalf of a legal entity- and Deltares. The use of this website of Deltares is subject to the conditions of this agreement set out below. By clicking on the Agree buttons:
1.	you expressly declare being authorized to act on behalf of the legal entity (User) you represent for the purposes of accepting this user agreement (hereafter “User Agreement”)
2.	User expressly accepts this User Agreement and accepts to be legally bound by the terms and conditions contained therein. If you are not authorized to act on behalf of User to agree upon this User Agreement, please do not mark the “I agree” checkbox and exit this website. Furthermore do not mark the “I Accept” checkbox and end the visit to this website if User does not agree with the License Agreement.
Own Risk and Expense
User agrees that the use of this Website and the resulting Maps is at your and User’s own risk and expense. Although this Website and the Maps have been set up with care, these are provided “AS-IS” without any warranty of any kind. These results depend the quality of input data as well. Deltares expressly disclaims any implied warranty or merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or for failure of performance and any and all liability for any loss or damage whatsoever suffered as a result of your use of reliance upon this Website and/or the Maps. Furthermore, Deltares does not guarantee that the Website is free of viruses and works without errors and/or interruptions. Furthermore, Deltares does not give any guaranty with respect to the Website or the Maps, its functioning or the correctness or quality thereof. No liability, indemnification for claims resulting from your use User agrees that Deltares (including its personnel) shall not be responsible to User for any loss-of-profit, direct, indirect, incidental special or consequential damages arising out of the User Agreement or the use of the Website or the Maps. User shall indemnify, hold harmless and defend Deltares against any action brought by a third party against Deltares and/or its officers, directors, employees or agents to the extent that such a claim is connected to the use of the Website and/or the Maps by User and/or third parties at whose disposal User has placed the Maps
Website
User agrees that Deltares may amend the contents of the Website, including the provisions of these conditions at any time. Furthermore, the Website may contain links to websites of third parties. These links are selected with all possible care. However, Deltares cannot guarantee the contents and the functioning of the website of third parties.
Copyright
Unless stated differently, all intellectual property rights in connection with the Website, including the software, texts, images and sounds, are vested exclusively in Deltares, in its affiliates or its contractors. It is not permitted, without the prior, written permission of Deltares to make public, reproduce and/or modify the information of the Websites, except for personal, non-commercial use or in so far as otherwise permitted under mandatory law.
The Websites may only be used for legitimate purposes, in a manner that cannot in any way (i) harm Deltares or (ii) infringe the rights and the enjoyment of use of third parties. Netherlands law applies to the Websites and also to these conditions.
Privacy statement
This website uses functional cookies and analytical cookies in an anonymous mode. Functional cookies are used as necessary for the technical functionality of the services on this websites. For instance, in order to display information that is specifically intended for you, when you log on to the website. Analytical cookies measure your and other visitor’s use of this website to gather performance data of our website, so that the quality, effectiveness and performance of our website can be improved. Deltares uses the analytical cookies of American company Google Inc., named ‘Google Analytics’, to gain insights to visitor statistics of the use of this website. Through Google Analytics, cookies are used to collect information on how visitors use our website, for purposes of compiling reports and improving the website. These cookies collect information in an anonymous form. As a supplier of this service, Google can use the information obtained through the cookies for its own products and services. Google may pass this information on to third parties if Google is legally obliged to do so, or if third parties process the information on behalf of and on behalf of Google. This website has no influence on this. For more information, please see the Google Analytics’ Privacy Overview and Google Analytics Cookie Usage on Websites on Websites.
About Deltares
This Website and the Maps have been composed by, or at any rate by order of, Stichting Deltares, with its registered office in Delft (2629 HV) and its principal place of business at Boussinesqweg 1 (hereinafter called: Deltares). Deltares is registered with the Chamber of Commerce and Industry under number 41146461.
